so anyways, i am going to share some home decor inspiration that i have been storing in my folder on the putter. i have all these amazing images stored away ready to come to life when we get our home.Hard to tell. It will look pretty bad for most Americans when prices will go way up and they can’t afford to buy stuff. It could also get very bad as far as loss of individual liberty. A lot of people will blame it on capitalism, on freedom, and they will claim we need more government. It could be used as an impetus for more regulation, which would be a disaster, or it could be an impetus to get rid of all the regulation that was causing the problem. But whether we will do the right or the wrong thing here in America, there will be a lot of pain first. We got some serious problems we have to deal with, but we are not dealing with the problems, we only make the problems worse.How are you? Btw thanks for the RT. You gonna be in DC anytime soon? Love to see you. Been way, way too long. When you meet someone special... you will know. Your heart will beat more rapidly and you will smile for no reason. they have decided its more fun if I dont.The new sundrop commercial ...hehe love at first sight we need to reconnect THIS WEEKI always wonder how the guys on the auctions shows learned to talk so fast!? such a great picture! The green shirt totally brings out your eyes!Desk put together, room all set up. Oh boy, oh boyI'm doing itHe wasn't home alone, apparently. It would die of old age. Workers had been making cars there since the onset of mass automotive production in the 1920s. plans quickly became a hot topic on local online sites. Though most people applauded plans for the new biomedical center, many deplored the potential loss of the building.Is it absolutely necessary? Is it an issue serious enough to merit their attention? Will it definitely not make the situation worse?There was a certain amount of scoffing going around a few years ago when the NFL decided to move the draft from the weekend to prime time -- eventually splitting off the first round to a separate day. Its just another in a long line of failed attempts to subsidize Atlantic City, said AmericansBut time and again in the report, Sullivan called on CPS to correct problems to improve employee accountability, saying, for example, that measures to keep employees from submitting fraudulent invoices or to block employees from accessing inappropriate websites were not in place."Let your hair down; it looks better."The first is the love of self and the second, the love of money. Two Greek words, philautos and philargyros, succinctly express these concepts. Both, I detect, lie at the root of the world's problems. Certainly, this diagnosis is not novel. Why then are these destructive personality traits chronic in the human experience? Further, why are people who possess these attributes permitted to run rampant through communities and societies to the detriment of the greater population? The Protester seeks to curb the second phenomenon.